[MUSIC PLAYING]
KAYCE BASQUES: Welcome back.
Here's what's new in
DevTools in Chrome 72.
The timing section of
the Performance panel
now includes
performance metrics.
Here I've got a performance
recording of our optimized site
speed tutorial.
The new performance metrics
are here in the timing section.
FCP represents First
Contentful Paint,
which is when the browser
render the first bit of content
from the DOM.
FMP is First Meaningful
Paint, which approximates when
meaningful content is visible.
DCL is DOM Content
Loaded, which the browser
fires when the initial
html document has
been loaded and parsed.
And L is the Load
Event, which is
fired when all resources
have finished loading.
How do you use this information?
Well, if you want to get initial
content to screen faster,
for example, you'd focus
on all the activity that
occurs before your FMP event.
Deferring any unnecessary
network requests or JavaScript
calls should help push
your FMP event to the left,
meaning that the page is
rendering the first bit faster.
Check out this optimized
site speed tutorial
to learn the basics of
analyzing load performance.
Hovering over a text
node in the DOM tree now
highlights that node
in the viewport.
Back in Chrome 71, when
I hover over a text node,
nothing happens.
In Chrome 72, when I
hover over that same node,
it gets highlighted
in the viewport.
Suppose you're writing
an automation test that
involves clicking a DOM node.
Copy JS path provides a fast way
to get a JavaScript reference
to that node from
within DevTools.
Here on this Shadow
DOM tutorial,
I need a reference to
the first paragraph.
So I right-click the
node, then select
Inspect, which opens
up the Elements panel
and highlights the
node in the DOM tree.
Then I right-click
the node, go to Copy,
and select Copy JS Path.
A document.querySelector
expression
that resolves to this node is
now copied to my clipboard.
I can confirm this by
pasting the expression
into the console.
Eager eval shows me that
the expression evaluates
to the node as expected.
Next up, the Audits
panel has one new audit.
Under the Past Audit section
of the Best Practices category,
you'll find a new audit called
Detected JavaScript Libraries.
As the name suggests,
this audit lists out
all JavaScript libraries that
were detected on the page.
Here's a bonus tip.
Device mode can help you
inspect media queries.
Click Toggle Device Toolbar
to enter Device mode.
You need to be in Responsive
mode for this feature,
so switch back to it if you're
simulating a specific device.
Click More Options, then
select Show Media Queries.
The blue bar contains
media queries
that only set a maximum width.
The green bar
contains queries that
set a minimum width
and a maximum width.
And the orange bar
contains queries
that only set a minimum width.
Click a query to
resize the viewport so
that the query gets triggered.
Right-click a query, and
select Reveal in Source Code
to see its source code
in the Sources panel.
If the CSS file is
minified, click Format,
and DevTools shows you a more
readable version of the query.
Thanks for watching.
See you in six
weeks for Chrome 73.
[MUSIC PLAYING]